README.md, before:

# Lauren Genzone's React Portfolio 

Welcome to my portfolio! This is a single page application built using React, with additional libraries like Tailwind CSS with DaisyUI plugin, React DOM, React Router, React Scroll, and EmailJS. My portfolio includes several different sections including 'About Me', 'Proojects', 'Resume', and 'Contact'.

## Features 

* About Me: Introduce myself,  my background and my interests.
* Projects: Showcases some of the projects I've worked on recently.
* Resume: The page includes a downloadable PDF version of my resume, as well as a list of the technologies I have worked with. 
* Contact: Contained a contact form that future employers can use to reach out to me. The form uses EmailJS to send an email to my personal email address. 

## Technologies Used

* React
* Tailwind CSS with DaisyUI plugin
* React DOM
* React Router
* React Scroll
* EmailJS

## Mobile Responsiveness

The application is mobile-forward and responsive. The layout of the pages adjusts accordingly to the size of the screen.

## Installation 

No installation required. The application is deployed to GitHub Pages. 

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License.

Commit message:

updated README; add screenshots and links

README.md, after:

# My React Portfolio 

Welcome to my portfolio! This is a single page application built using React, with additional libraries like Tailwind CSS with DaisyUI plugin, React DOM, React Router, React Scroll, and EmailJS. My portfolio includes several different sections including 'About Me', 'Proojects', 'Resume', and 'Contact'.

## Features 

* About Me: Introduce myself,  my background and my interests.
* Projects: Showcases some of the projects I've worked on recently.
* Resume: The page includes a downloadable PDF version of my resume, as well as a list of the technologies I have worked with. 
* Contact: Contained a contact form that future employers can use to reach out to me. The form uses EmailJS to send an email to my personal email address. 

## Technologies Used

* React
* Tailwind CSS with DaisyUI plugin
* React DOM
* React Router
* React Scroll
* EmailJS

## Mobile Responsiveness

The application is mobile-forward and responsive. The layout of the pages adjusts accordingly to the size of the screen.

## Installation 

No installation required. The application is deployed to GitHub Pages. 

## Screenshots
![home](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/113480175/226816421-2f8d810c-780a-44a6-a0bc-c93faef9b311.png)
![about](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/113480175/226816545-8e0d1677-d537-489d-95d8-ac996ed13482.png)
![projects](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/113480175/226816571-be2dccbe-427f-43a2-afd8-5720174c6d8a.png)
![resume](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/113480175/226816663-592f0a03-bbfd-46bd-8fb4-b1f1a4a0b460.png)
![contact](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/113480175/226816723-96a05ddf-45c6-479a-a765-578d9ac60a74.png)


## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. 

## Questions 

For questions related to this project, please reach out to me using the links below.

* [Github](https://github.com/lgenzone)
* [Email](lgenzone@icloud.com)
